MTM-59448_added _help_context_for_timeseries_migration (#2153)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/enterprise-tenant/enhanced-time-series-support.md

layout: bundle
section:
  - platform_administration
helpcontent:

>   - label: timeseries-migration

Reviewer: One more caveat: this `label` should match the autogenerated kebab lower case title of section being linked from UI. In this case, it's:
```suggestion
  - label: enhanced-time-series-support
```
because the same anchor name is used as property to take context help from and to link to docs website section: https://github.softwareag.com/IOTA/cumulocity-ui/blob/bd0741a3beb64a8933677fd1620bf151e9ab3bcd/packages/ngx-components/core/help/help.component.ts#L115-L123

    title: Time series migration

>     content: "The **Timeseries migration** page shows tenants for which timeseries migration process can be triggered. There are 2 areas on the page for current tenant and for subtenants. Each section shows date of the oldest measurement available in database, date of migration startprogress, date of newest measurement in database, date of current progress state of migration in percentage."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    content: "The **Time series migration** page displays migration status for current tenant and subtenants. It provides possibility of scheduling selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants will require user approval and provide a possibility to remove legacy collection afterwards. 
    Please note that there might be some difficulties while performing migration when DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more visit https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/."
```

Reviewer 2: @BeateRixen incorporated previous suggestion in following form. Can you please check?

Reviewer 2: DataHub documentation link as per: MTM-56768 , tho I wonder how it will look like when displayed. Probably will be a plain text.

>     content: "The **Timeseries migration** page shows tenants for which timeseries migration process can be triggered. There are 2 areas on the page for current tenant and for subtenants. Each section shows date of the oldest measurement available in database, date of migration startprogress, date of newest measurement in database, date of current progress state of migration in percentage."

Reviewer 3: on the migration start progress > what does this mean opposed to "on the progress of the migration in percentage"

>     content: "The **Time series migration** page displays the migration status for the current tenant and its subtenants. From this page, you can schedule the selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants require user approval and provide the option to remove legacy collection afterwards.\nNote that you might observe difficulties during migration if the DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more refer to https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/."

Reviewer 3: You must use two line breaks for a paragraph. Please compare with other files that have help content.

The link notation should be "refer to Analytics > DataHub", but it should be more precise. I don´t think that we can use clickable links here @carlosceia ?

Reviewer 4: it´s markdown, so i think it works.
```suggestion
    content: "The **Time series migration** page displays the migration status for the current tenant and its subtenants. From this page, you can schedule the selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants require user approval and provide the option to remove legacy collection afterwards.\nNote that you might observe difficulties during migration if the DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more refer to [Analytics > DataHub](https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/)."
```

layout: bundle
section:
  - platform_administration
helpcontent:
  - label: timeseries-migration
    title: Time series migration

>     content: "The **Time series migration** page displays migration status for current tenant and subtenants. It provides possibility of scheduling selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants will require user approval and provide a possibility to remove legacy collection afterwards. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    content: "The **Time series migration** page displays the migration status for the current tenant and its subtenants. From this page, you can schedule the selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants require user approval and provide the option to remove legacy collection afterwards. 
```

>     content: "The **Time series migration** page displays the migration status for the current tenant and its subtenants. From this page, you can schedule the selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants require user approval and provide the option to remove legacy collection afterwards. 
> Note that you might observe difficulties during migration if the DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more refer to https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/."

Reviewer: Is it valid yaml? Shouldn't it be:
```suggestion
    content: "The **Time series migration** page displays the migration status for the current tenant and its subtenants. From this page, you can schedule the selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants require user approval and provide the option to remove legacy collection afterwards.\nNote that you might observe difficulties during migration if the DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more refer to https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/."
```
Another question is if `\n` is rendered in UI c8y-help component, and if the link can be made clickable.

>     Please note that there might be some difficulties while performing migration when DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more visit https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/."

Reviewer 2: @martin-sag link to DataHub. But maybe different page should be linked instead of overview.

Author: @Airdroplet do we need this link at all?

Reviewer: @darluk, it's required by the acceptance criteria of https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-56768.

>     Please note that there might be some difficulties while performing migration when DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more visit https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that you might observe difficulties during migration if the DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more refer to https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/."
```

This should be a proper and relative link.
